Hey, good morning family.
I have another video for you.
There is going to be a celebrity that's very influential and popular.
I saw a plot, and this is heavy again with the demonic.
They will pretend to be born again, and they will start preaching the gospel, saying that Jesus Christ is Lord and he died for you.
They're going to come out real strong with that.
Then I saw months go by, and they start preaching a universal gospel—that whatever you believe in is okay.
Because they preached this gospel first about Jesus being the only way to get to heaven, everybody believes it.
Christians were naive, like they always are.
I hate to say this, but a lot of times they just accept everybody really quick and are naive about not discerning and seeing things in the spirit realm.
They are always real quick to follow the leader.
We've got to be discerning; we have to be wise as serpents.
You need to be very discerning in these last days because the enemy is going to send people to try to corrupt and trick people into following a false gospel.
Celebrity deception.
I saw this celebrity—I won't name the person because it's not wisdom—come on the scene.
I know exactly who it is, and it's somebody big in the pop world.
Teenagers are going to fall for this big time.
As parents, you need to be very watchful of music and the things that are happening because they're going to come on the scene, and because they're already huge in the pop world, this is going to sway a lot of people.
Like I said, they come on and everything seems to be good.
People say we can't judge them, it's under grace, let them have their time.
Everybody is trying to just accept them and love them, but then they start preaching that Buddha is the way to heaven, all these other religions, and that everything's okay—that we're all linked to one and serving one God.
All this other trash they're going to start spewing out of their mouth.
I saw this coming; this was a prophetic warning that this person is coming.
Don't be deceived just because they're a celebrity and they say they have Jesus.
Use wisdom and discernment, and let Jesus be your guide.
Just because they're popular and cool, don't let that be an influence on your life.
Follow the voice of the Lord in these last days.
The Lord warned me also, saying, 'Brandon, there's going to be false prophets.
' He said he told us there would be many false prophets coming.
If you look at what's going on on YouTube right now—and I honestly don't watch a lot of other people on YouTube—there is a prophetic brother on every single channel.
I didn't realize what was going on over here; this is absolutely insane.
I'm not saying all these people aren't hearing God—maybe some of them are—but I'm just saying there are a lot of voices saying all kinds of different stuff.
It's very alarming to me.
The Lord told me, 'Do you not see the scriptures being fulfilled right in front of your face, son?
There are many false prophets.
' What's amazing is a lot of them are charismatic.
I don't see a Buddha prophet, or a Muhammad prophet, or a Hindu prophet, or even satanists' prophets.
They're all charismatic prophets, non-denominational, out there on YouTube prophesying.
It's very alarming after a while.
I said, 'Lord, help me.
I know you called me to do this, but I don't want to be lumped in that crowd.
' I separate myself from some of this because it's getting intense.
There's going to be a lot of this exposed in the coming days.
I ain't here to point fingers at anybody and say that one is false.
You need to line it up with the Word.
If they're talking about scripture, leading you to pray, or teaching you how to fast and stand against the devil in the power and authority that's in you, then fine, follow them.
But if they just have something popping a word out all the time, see if it follows the Bible.
If it's just some random thought, be very watchful of who you're listening to.
I had one girl in the comments ask if I saw what another girl said in her prophetic word.
She was telling me all this stuff, and I had never heard of this person, so I went to look.
Oh my gosh, this is so off.
This is wrong.
I looked and they have a ton of subscribers.
They're leading these people, and I'm thinking, 'No, this is not good.
' There are a lot of bad voices out there.
I started looking at some of these voices and realized they're listening to familiar spirits.
A lot of people are listening to familiar spirits, and I hate to say that, but it's the truth.
You need to be very watchful of who you're listening to.
I'm not pointing names or fingers, and I'm not going to call out because I'm not trying to do that; that's wrong.
But I'm going to tell you this: you all need to have more discernment.
You need to listen to and pray in the Spirit more.
You need to seek God for yourself and stop listening to a lot of this nonsense.
Get in the Word and find scriptures to stand on for your life.
Follow the voice of the Lord for your life; you don't need prophetic videos.
You have the same Holy Ghost inside of you to lead you.
A lot of this is just like fortune telling—going from fortune teller to fortune teller trying to find a prophetic word for whatever's going on.
I want to teach you all about prayer, the Bible, your covenant, the blood of Jesus, and your authority.
I want to teach you about the devil and what he's trying to do to your life to kill, steal, and destroy you.
You need to understand who you are in Christ.
God has put a call on your life.
If you have a call on your life, this is why you are going through attacks.
Some of it is because you've opened doors through sin.
I see it in the comment section: people saying they live with their boyfriend but aren't having a sexual relationship.
Is that okay?
No, it's not okay.
Like Joseph, you've got to flee from evil.
When that lady was trying to seduce him, he stripped his robe off and busted out the door.
Do not give the devil any place in your life.
If that man is not able to put a ring on your finger, then God has somebody else.
That's your Ishmael; do not stay with an Ishmael.
Find your Isaac.
There are so many people on here desperate for love and marriage.
You think you're going to turn them around?
No, you're not.
The Bible says do not be unequally yoked with unbelievers.
Do not tie your horse to a bad cart.
Follow God, and he has the right spouse for you.
You don't want to tie yourself up with the world.
You say you're going to pray and get him saved, but right now you're just fornicating.
No, get out.
Have respect for yourself.
If you say you need him to help pay the bills, God is your supplier.
He's going to take care of you.
Don't fall and go to hell for sex or for a relationship that is not based upon Godly principles.
Find somebody that loves the Word and will pray with you.
Marriage is hard enough as it is, okay?
But if you don't have somebody there that, when you're down and having a bad report, you can grab their hands and pray with you and say, 'Man, I need you to pray with me.
Honey, would you intercede with me?
I'm overcoming.
' Whether the kids are sick or whatever, we've got to pray, we've got to get in faith and believe.
Well, 'I don't know anybody like that.
' Find somebody there.
It's okay.
God's going to bring them.
Start fasting, start making a list.
I made a list.
This is what I'm believing for.
I'm believing for this and this, and in a woman I want this, and in a man I want this.
Father, I thank you that you're going to bring my heart.
God said that he'd give you the desires of your heart.
Praying over my wife, so I pray.
That's what I did with my wife: 'Father, I want this and I want you to do this.
' And I'd start seeing, 'I thank you that you give me the desires of my heart,' even the things that I don't even know that I'm praying for.
But I cover her in the blood.
I prayed over her as a child.
You know, when you start thinking, whenever we were younger...
I started interceding for my wife back when I was ten years old.
I started praying over her: 'Father, I thank you that you keep her protected and keep her pure, keep her a virgin.
Don't let her be a little Jezebel out sleeping around.
God, I thank you, Lord, you keep her protected.
' I pray for my life all the time as a ten-year-old.
I grew up like that.
I just interceded and that's what you're going to do as an adult.
'Well, I've never done that before.
' No, you can pray now: 'Father, I thank you, Lord, that you bring me a godly spouse.
Thank you, Lord, that you bring somebody that knows the Word.
Thank you that they're hungry.
' You want to go to church on Sundays; I don't have to drag them to church, drag them out, whatever.
Please!
And be a nag?
You don't want to hook your horse up to a broken wagon.
Follow the voice of God for your life.
Then, whenever times get hard, you can lean on that person and they can lean on you, and you can be iron sharpens iron.
You don't want a bozo.
Don't settle for an Ishmael.
If they are not respectable enough to put a ring on your finger and propose to you, and all they do is use you, why buy the cow if the milk's free?
You know, that's why...
I hate to say that, but it's true.
You've got to understand a respectable man's going to propose to you, and you're not going to sit there and keep dragging them along, saying, 'We've got to make this work.
' No, if you're a believer and you're in an unequally yoked relationship, get out!
Run for your life!
We're in the end of the end here.
This is not a time to be dumb.
This is a time to know Jesus is coming.
Stop living in compromise.
Stop it!
So I get on these rants and I'm trying to tell you all because I love you guys.
I appreciate you listening to me, but I'm trying to tell you: love tells the truth.
Love helps you because I know the wages of sin is death and we can't keep going down these roads.
I see the conversation, like I said, and I just have compassion for you all because I want you to have good in your life.
Live life in abundance to the full until it overflows.
You want to live the life of overflow: overflow of joy, overflow of peace, overflow of kindness and goodness and self-control.
Overflow, not bound by devils.
How do you do this?
Okay, this is another part: be inspired.
Stay inspired.
You need to be filled with the Holy Ghost, being inspired.
I found a book and I'm going to put it in the description.
This is the book that I'm listening to and I'm reading right now.
It's about the Azusa Street Revival.
The Lord told me, he said, 'Stay filled with my presence.
Be excited.
I want you to stay inspired.
Be inspired by my spirit every day, son, so that you are not leaking out.
' We can leak out, but we've got to stay filled with the presence of God.
And how you do that is find people who are like you.
Iron sharpens iron.
That's what I'm talking about.
So I find books.
I find people who have walked this before, like Smith Wigglesworth and John G.
Lake and some of these elderly men that were way before us back in the 1920s.
They've lived it; they walked in it.
Find old books on revivals.
They saw great healings; they saw great manifestations of the Lord.
I want to know how they got that.
So you start finding old books.
You can find them online all over the place.
I find my books on Apple sometimes, trying to find Revival, and I find these at Mardel if you have a Mardel in your town or at Christian bookstores.
So I just try to find stuff, read those books, and stay inspired so that you can feed your spirit and be encouraged to keep going.
Because if it's garbage in, garbage out; spirit in, spirit out.
The more you feed on the spirit, the more you feed on the Holy Ghost and the Word, the more you are able to give that out.
But if you're continually feeding on trash, like the Kardashians, you're not going to be able to spew the spirit out.
You're not going to be able to help people because you're full of Kardashian!
Stay inspired.
You need to be filled with the Holy Ghost.
You need to get that down inside of you.
And so you do that by reading good stuff.
You need to get these good books inside of you so you can help other people.
And that's how you stay inspired.
You've got to be inspired.
Be excited about things.
And so I find, like I said, I find books on the anointing, I find books on the Holy Ghost and speaking in tongues and in prophecy, all kinds of stuff.
I find stuff on YouTube, like worship music.
Kari Jobe, I listen to her.
She gets me excited.
I worship and I get excited about the Holy Ghost.
You've got to keep yourself filled.
Be filled with the Holy Ghost, filling yourself up with the Word and encouragement so that you're able to help in these last days.
But like I said, I'm reading this book right now and this book is amazing.
I told you about George Washington Carver, I believe that's his actual name, 'The Man Who Talks with the Flowers.
' Read that book; it's amazing.
It will change your life.
These books are amazing because these men and these women walked this; they've walked it before us.
They've died and went home to be with the Lord, but you can reflect on some of this stuff and it encourages you.
You go, 'Wow, if they did it, I can do it.
' And that's where I live.
So that's what I have for you in this video.
I hope it made sense and everything was good about it.
I just appreciate you all being a part of my little family here.
I appreciate all your encouragement, the love gifts, the likes, the shares, and all the things you do for me.
I appreciate you being here with me today.
I ask you to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we'll see you next time.
Bye-bye.